taskModelsJSGrid/AttuatoreJs.java
 taskModelsJSGrid.AttuatoreJs
tasksDao/GestioneUtente.java
 tasksDao.GestioneUtente
tasksDao/GestioneAttuatore.java
 tasksDao.GestioneAttuatore
RESTService/RESTMisura.java
 RESTService.RESTMisura
MQTT/subscriber/SubscribeCallBack.java
 MQTT.subscriber.SubscribeCallBack
tasks/Utente.java
 tasks.Utente
tasksDao/GestioneMisura.java
 tasksDao.GestioneMisura
jwtToken/jwtlib/JWTfun.java
 jwtToken.jwtlib.JWTfun
MQTT/subscriber/MQTTSubscriber.java
 MQTT.subscriber.MQTTSubscriber
tasks/Attuatore.java
 tasks.Attuatore
RESTService/RESTLocale.java
 RESTService.RESTLocale
RESTService/RESTSensore.java
 RESTService.RESTSensore
RESTService/RESTPrenotazione.java
 RESTService.RESTPrenotazione
tasks/Locale.java
 tasks.Locale
tasksDao/GestioneSensore.java
 tasksDao.GestioneSensore
taskModelsJSGrid/SensoreJs.java
 taskModelsJSGrid.SensoreJs
TasksService.java
 TasksService
RESTService/RESTAttuatore.java
 RESTService.RESTAttuatore
jwtToken/verifySignature.java
 jwtToken.verifySignature
tasksDao/GestionePrenotazione.java
 tasksDao.GestionePrenotazione
tasks/Prenotazione.java
 tasks.Prenotazione
MQTT/publisher/MQTTPublisher.java
 MQTT.publisher.MQTTPublisher
taskModelsJSGrid/Slot.java
 taskModelsJSGrid.Slot
tasks/Misura.java
 tasks.Misura
utils/DBConnect.java
 utils.DBConnect
jwtToken/Utils.java
 jwtToken.Utils
tasks/Sensore.java
 tasks.Sensore
RESTService/RESTUtente.java
 RESTService.RESTUtente
MQTT/GestioneMisureLocaliMQTT.java
 MQTT.GestioneMisureLocaliMQTT
tasksDao/GestioneLocale.java
 tasksDao.GestioneLocale
